Bluetooth: Mesh: Fix provisioning failed issue on non-secure nRF5340DK variant after P2P DFU (#21522)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/bt/bt_mesh/dfu_over_ble.rst

The device can still be discovered through a service discovery, for example using the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ app.
See `Discovering Bluetooth Mesh devices in nRF Connect Device Manager`_ for more details.

> Before performing a FOTA update, make sure the option to erase application settings is disabled, otherwise the device will be unprovisined after the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before performing a FOTA update, make sure that you have disabled the option to erase application settings.
Otherwise, the device will be unprovisioned after the update.
```

> For the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ mobile app, go to the `Settings`, then select the `Mcu Manager options` and disable the `Erase application settings` option.
> For the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app, go to the `Image` tab, press on the arrow icon next to `Firmware Upgrade`, and disable the `Erase application settings` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ mobile app, open the :guilabel:`Settings` tab, select :guilabel:`Mcu Manager options`, and disable the **Erase application settings** option.
* In the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app, open the :guilabel:`Image` tab, tap the arrow icon next to **Firmware Upgrade**, and disable the **Erase application settings** option.
```
Make sure the spelling: is it MCU Manager or Mcu Manager?
